SONARJAVA-5434 Create rule S7467: Unused exception parameter should use the unnamed variable pattern (#4862)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S7467/java/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> Handling exceptions can give rise to an unused variable.

Reviewer: Can we introduce the matter in a smoother fashion?
```suggestion
Good exception management is key to keep a consistent application state in the face of errors and unexpected behaviors.
However, in some cases, the information carried by the exception is not as important as the exception bubbling up itself.
In such cases, developers may want to explicitly indicate that they have no use for the exception parameter.
```

> Java 22 introduces the unnamed variable pattern `_`` which allows us to have a catch block without having to name the exception parameter, thereby improving the clarity of the code.

Reviewer: Let's try to remove `us` from the text.
```suggestion
Java 22 introduces the unnamed variable pattern `_` which allows developers to free the catch clause from an unnecessary exception parameter name.
```
